this is wearing a core and this is about
French haircuts for long hair French is
becoming more of an epidemic in today's
hair care industry and more and more
women want to vamp up their look or get
a whole brand-new look without losing
their length a fringe would be an ideal
option for you
I would always recommend you check in
with your professional stylist to see
what fringe is going to suit your face
shape first what a stylist usually look
for is your face shape and then they
determine exactly what they were going
to give you just to give you a little
information on what face shapes go well
with what fringes the most common face
shape out there is an oval face shape
the second common one would be a hard
face shape and the third one is an
oblong face shape if you have an oval
face shape consider yourself very lucky
because with that phase shift you can
kind of get any haircut or any fringe
that you please you can check out
Jessica Alba or Jessica Biel to see some
side fringe or even a brow kissing
fringe they are perfect and ideal the
second most common face shape would be a
hard face shape with that your jaw line
is usually the most dominant so you want
to create kind of a French that is a
side fringe it's gonna take away from
the dominance of your jawline and make
your eyes pop a little bit more for a
perfect example with that check out
reese witherspoon and the third most
common face shape would be an oblong
face shape the perfect French for that
would be kind of a full fringe those
face shapes are very important when you
choose what fringe is gonna go well with
you my face shape is kind of oblong so
can you imagine me with straight across
fringe this is wearing a core and this
is about fringe haircuts for long hair
you